docs: update README (#82)
green-mile/green-mile: README.md

# Green Mile

> Green Mile is the one stop solution to an everlasting change. LMAO

Reviewer: Please don't send PRs that don't add value. One more time and I'm afraid I have to circumcise your family. 
```suggestion
Green Mile is the one stop solution to an everlasting change. 
We provide different services like food tracking, grocery lists, recipe recommendations and even the ability to easily share your excess food! 
```

![image](https://i.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/facebook/000/042/513/dreamybull.jpg)
